All right congratulations.
You made it to the end of this drawing course.
So at this point you should be pretty skilled.
And a lot more skill than you were when you began.
Now like I said at the beginning of this course I was going to have to draw the human eye in great detail.
So what I want you to do now is I want you to go back to the beginning of this course and watch the
part where we draw the eye again and try drawing it.
I think you'll find that you're much more skilled now and your eyes will look a lot better once you
do this.
I want you to go ahead and take your old drawing of your eye and your new drawing of your eye and post
those together in the Q and A section of the Course or the Facebook group and let us see your progress.
I'm really looking forward to seeing how much you've grown through this course.
Now now that you're done with this course you should have quite a pile of artwork.
I know I do.
So definitely take a picture and share it with me too if you want.
I really enjoyed to see how many drawings that you've created throughout this course.
Remember that if you have any questions please ask them in the Q&A section of the course and I will
answer every one.
Guaranteed no student left behind.
I want to help every single one of you achieve the skills that you want to achieve.
So thanks for taking this course and I really enjoyed teaching you and have a great life.